25 years of marriage you have nothing to
say I'll just say it I slept with
someone if you keep you're getting a
divorce yeah
Amy heard you crying in the bathroom we
all thought it was cancer Oh fine can I
buy you a drink
what's Gaddy want to get out of here
what are you doing later I do there's
lots of beautiful women in this bar but
I can't take my eyes off you
oh it's forward of you but okay so I put
the car around have you been drinking
I'll Drive your wife cheated on you
because you lost sight of who you are as
a man let's take that straw to your
mouth looks like you're sucking okay
okay you're sitting there with a
supercut haircut and you're wearing a 44
and you should be wearing 42 regular
credit card where your wallets jeez what
you gotta take control your manhood pal
he put us close please sorry is
bothering you beautiful
do with me
I want to show you out to my ex-wife's
make her really judge I met a girl and
she is a game changer
she's your soul mate right go get her
back Wow how old are you I'm in love
with her and I don't know what to do
about it
I don't know when you and I stopped
being us now when I told you that I had
to work late I really went to see the
new Twilight movie by myself and it was
so bad
say garnish why we take a shirt
seriously it's like you're photoshopped